feat: Menu Type API docs (#629)
PaperMC/docs: src/content/docs/paper/dev/api/menu-type-api.md

    .checkReachable(true)

    // Set the location. Because of checkReachable being set to `true`, this has to be a valid
    // crafting table. The server will check and make sure that the player does not get pushed
    // away too far to use the crafting table and will close the player's inventory if the
    // crafting table were to be pushed away.
    .location(location)

    // Build this view for the provided player, linking the inventory of the crafting table
    // together with the player's own inventory into an inventory view.
    .build(player)

    // Open the view.
    .open();
```

## Opening blocks that have menus
Almost all inventory views have a block attached to them. The only exception being the
[`MenuType.MERCHANT`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.MenuType#MERCHANT), which
instead has a [`Merchant`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.Merchant) attached to it.

There are two types of blocks that have menus: Block entities and non block entities.

Non block entities, as the name implies, do not have any state associated with them. Under
those count the majority of "workbench" blocks, like crafting tables, grindstones, anvils, and more.

> Block entities have a state associated with them. Meaning when you open a specific location

Reviewer: I would personally refer to them as "block entity blocks" since this chapter is about block types and not entities.

I would also add the association with tile entities as some people might associate them easier.

```suggestion
Block entity (also known as a **tile entity**) blocks have a state associated with them. Meaning when you open a specific location
```

import org.bukkit.inventory.InventoryView;
import org.bukkit.inventory.MenuType;

import java.util.HashMap;
import java.util.Map;

public class CommandPersistent implements Listener {

    // A map to store all inventory views in. Generally it is not recommended
    // to use Player objects as keys or values, but in this case it is acceptable
    // because the inventory view is also bound to a player object, meaning we
    // couldn't reuse it after a player rejoins anyways.
    private final Map<Player, InventoryView> VIEWS = new HashMap<>();

    // Create a command. Commands are explained in the Command API documentation
    // pages and therefore won't be covered here.
    public LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> createCommand() {
        return Commands.literal("persistent").executes(ctx -> {
            if (!(ctx.getSource().getExecutor() instanceof Player player)) {
                return 0;
            }

            // First, attempt to get a stored view.
            InventoryView view = VIEWS.get(player);

            // If there is no view currently stored, create it.
            if (view == null) {
                view = MenuType.GENERIC_9X6.builder()

>                     .title(Component.text(player.getName() + "'s stash", NamedTextColor.DARK_RED))
>                     .title(Component.text(player.getName() + "'s stash", NamedTextColor.DARK_RED))

Reviewer: Accidental duplicate?

```suggestion
                    .title(Component.text(player.getName() + "'s stash", NamedTextColor.DARK_RED))
```

                    .build(player);

                // And finally store it in the map.
                VIEWS.put(player, view);
            }

            // As the inventory view is directly bound to the player, we do not have
            // to reassign the player and can just open it.
            view.open();
            return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
        }).build();
    }

    // There are two things we should do on the quit event:
    // 1. Remove the player entry from the map, as it is no longer valid.
    // 2. Store the top inventory somewhere so it persists across server restarts.
    @EventHandler
    void onPlayerQuit(PlayerQuitEvent event) {
        InventoryView view = VIEWS.remove(event.getPlayer());
        if (view != null) {
            Inventory topInventory = view.getTopInventory();

>             // Save the inventory.

Reviewer: This could have better clarity on what you would do. For example saying something in the lines of "Using your database logic to save the contents..."

Reviewer: That is true, I would at least add something in the lines of "here you would save the contents somewhere"

---
title: Menu Type API
slug: paper/dev/menu-type-api

> description: A guide to the Menu Type API.

Reviewer 2: That api is experimental, need the flag + warning

version: 1.21.8
---

Minecraft has a lot of types of menus. From chests, to crafting tables, to anvils, and even villager trade menus.
With the old Bukkit inventory API, it was not possible to replicate most of these perfectly. Exactly for
this reason, the menu type API was introduced.

## What is a menu?
Menus, also referred to as views, are user interfaces, which can be created and viewed by players. The
[`MenuType`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.MenuType) interface declares all possible menu types a menu can have.
The difference between menus and inventories is that inventories are containers and menus are
their visual representations.

> Menus created using the menu type API **follow the same logic as Vanilla**, meaning they are fully

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Menus created using this API **follow the same logic as Vanilla**, meaning they are fully
```

> functional. Some of them can directly represent a block (a.e. a furnace) and the

Reviewer 2: What a.e. means? not familiar with that abbreviation unless it's a typo

Author: It's supposed to be an abbreviation for 'as example', but yeah might not be a good fit if most people are unfamiliar with it 😅

[`MERCHANT`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.MenuType#MERCHANT) type can represent a merchant entity in the world.

## What are inventory views?
An [`InventoryView`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.InventoryView) is a specific view created from a menu type.
In the general sense, an inventory view links together **two separate inventories** and always has a player viewing them.
The bottom linked inventory is the player's inventory.

There are specialized subinterfaces for getting specific inventory views (a.e. [`FurnaceView`](jd:paper:org.bukkit.inventory.view.FurnaceView)

> for furnace inventories). This makes it very convenient to check whether an inventory view is of a specific type.

Reviewer 2: That's fair tho all the view don't have their own sub type, so might mention InventoryView#getMenuType for more control depending on the use case.

## Building inventory views from menu types
The most common way to create inventory views from menu types is by using their respective builders. **Every menu type
has a builder** which can be used to customize the resulting view. For example, a simple crafting table
inventory view can be created and opened like this:

```java
// MenuType.CRAFTING is used to open a crafting table.
MenuType.CRAFTING.builder()

    // Set the title of the view, which will be displayed at the top.
    .title(Component.text("The inventory view's title"))

>     // Determines whether the server should check if the server can reach the location.

Reviewer 2: A bit too redundant on "the server"

import com.mojang.brigadier.Command;
import com.mojang.brigadier.tree.LiteralCommandNode;
import io.papermc.paper.command.brigadier.CommandSourceStack;
import io.papermc.paper.command.brigadier.Commands;
import net.kyori.adventure.text.Component;
import net.kyori.adventure.text.format.NamedTextColor;
import org.bukkit.entity.Player;
import org.bukkit.event.EventHandler;
import org.bukkit.event.Listener;
import org.bukkit.event.player.PlayerQuitEvent;
import org.bukkit.inventory.Inventory;
import org.bukkit.inventory.InventoryView;
import org.bukkit.inventory.MenuType;

import java.util.HashMap;
import java.util.Map;

public class CommandPersistent implements Listener {

    // A map to store all inventory views in. Generally it is not recommended
    // to use Player objects as keys or values, but in this case it is acceptable
    // because the inventory view is also bound to a player object, meaning we
    // couldn't reuse it after a player rejoins anyways.
    private final Map<Player, InventoryView> VIEWS = new HashMap<>();

    // Create a command. Commands are explained in the Command API documentation
    // pages and therefore won't be covered here.

>     public LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> createCommand() {

Reviewer 2: Should probably be static just for the example, same for the map
